Adding target attribute for function. (#35)
riscv-non-isa/riscv-c-api-doc: riscv-c-api.md

* `__attribute__((interrupt("supervisor")))`
* `__attribute__((interrupt("machine")))`

### `__attribute__((target("<ATTR-STRING>")))`

`target` attribute used for enable or disable a set of features or extensions
for the fucntion.

For instance, you can enable the `v` extension for a specific function even if
`-march` or `-mcpu` does not include the `v` extension. Additionally,
this won't alter the global setting.
```c

> __attribute__((target("+v")))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
__attribute__((target("arch=+v")))
```
Is this what was intended?

Author: Oh, you catch a bug, it's not intentionally

int
foo (int a)
{
  return a + 5;
}
```

Function with target attribute should not affect the file scope build

> attributes, i.g. File complied with `-march=rv64ima` and a function declares with

Reviewer: ```suggestion
attributes, e.g. File compiled with `-march=rv64ima` and a function declares with
```

`__attribute__((target("arch=+zbb")))`, the `Tag_RISCV_arch` build attribute
should be `rv64ima` rather than `rv64ima_zbb`.

The compiler may emit mapping symbol at the beginning of the function with

> target attribute if the function use different set of ISA extension.

Reviewer 2: use -> uses

> `<ATTR-STRING>` can be specify following target attributes:

Reviewer 2: "can be specify following" -> "can specify the following"

- `arch=`: Adding extra extensions, omit certain extension, or specific
           extension setting for the function.
- `tune=`: Specify the pipeline mode and cost model with specific
           microarchitecture or core for the function.
- `cpu=`: Specify the pipeline mode, cost model and extension setting for the
          function.

The interactions among `arch`, `tune`, and `cpu` are the same as the `-march`,
`-mtune`, and `-mcpu` options. The `cpu` can be treated as a combination of
`arch` + `tune` but has a lower priority than the other two. For instance,
`cpu=sifive-u74` is equivalent to `arch=rv64gc` and `tune=sifive-7-series`.
However, if `arch=` or `tune=` values are provided, they will override the `cpu`
value. Therefore, `cpu=sifive-u74;arch=rv64g` will be equivalent to
`arch=rv64g;tune=sifive-7-series`, and `cpu=sifive-u74;tune=sifive-5-series`
will be equivalent to `arch=rv64gc;tune=sifive-5-series`.

If the same type of attribute is given more than once, only the latest one

> takes effect, e.g. `arch=+zbb;arch=+zba` will be equivalent to `arch=+zba`.

Reviewer 3: What is the effect of having -march at the command line and a march on the function which is a subset of the command line?  I think either disallowing or full replacement is fine, we just don't want to try merging.

If I specific march at the command line, and mcpu via the attribute, what happens?  mcpu would normally be lower priority, but is this still true comparing command line and attribute?

Author: Add one more paragraph to describe the interaction between attribute and option.

`arch=` has two different behavior here: full-arch-str will override `-march`, but `+ext` will combine with `-march`.
`cpu=` will override `-march` if `arch=` not given.

Author: Drop for now

The syntax of `<ATTR-STRING>` describes below:

```
ATTR-STRING := ATTR-STRING ';' ATTR
             | ATTR

ATTR        := ARCH-ATTR
             | CPU-ATTR
             | TUNE-ATTR

ARCH-ATTR   := 'arch=' EXTENSIONS-OR-FULLARCH

EXTENSIONS-OR-FULLARCH := <EXTENSIONS>
                        | <FULLARCHSTR>

EXTENSIONS             := <EXTENSION> ',' <EXTENSIONS>
                        | <EXTENSION>

FULLARCHSTR            := <full-arch-string>

EXTENSION              := <OP> <EXTENSION-NAME> <VERSION>

OP                     := '+'

VERSION                := [0-9]+ 'p' [0-9]+
                        | [1-9][0-9]*
                        |

EXTENSION-NAME         := Naming rule is defined in RISC-V ISA manual

CPU-ATTR    := 'cpu=' <valid-cpu-name>
TUNE-ATTR   := 'tune=' <valid-tune-name>
```

> NOTE: The `target` attribute won't effect function name mangling for both C and C++.

Author: dropped

> NOTE: The compiler should always generate the function with the `target`

Author: Add one example, @BeMg told me some case will cause undefined reference due to the attribute have no effect.

This attribute is incompatible with the `naked` attribute.

### `__attribute__((target("<ATTR-STRING>")))`

The `target` attribute is used to enable a set of features or extensions for a
function.

For instance, you can enable the `v` extension for a specific function even if
the `-march` or `-mcpu` options do not include the `v` extension. Importantly,
this won't alter the global settings. Here is an example:

```c
__attribute__((target("arch=+v")))
int foo(int a)
{
  return a + 5;
}
```

> Using the `target` attribute for a function should not affect the file scope

Reviewer 2: "file scope" should maybe be "translation unit scope" since files can include other files. The global attributes apply to every file being included.

build attributes. For example, if a file is compiled with `-march=rv64ima` and
a function is declared with `__attribute__((target("arch=+zbb")))`, the
`Tag_RISCV_arch` build attribute should remain `rv64ima`, not `rv64ima_zbb`.

> The compiler may emit a mapping symbol at the beginning of a function with the

Reviewer 2: Is there some documentation we can link "mapping symbol" to here?

target attribute if the function utilizes a different set of ISA extensions.

`<ATTR-STRING>` can specify the following target attributes:

- `arch=`: Adds extra extensions or overrides the `-march` value specified via
           the command line for the function.
- `tune=`: Specifies the pipeline model and cost model associated with a
           specific microarchitecture or core for the function.
- `cpu=`: Specifies the pipeline mode, cost model, and extension settings for
          the function.

The interactions among the `arch`, `tune`, and `cpu` attributes mirror those of
the `-march`, `-mtune`, and `-mcpu` options. The `cpu` attribute can be seen as
a combination of `arch` + `tune` but holds a lower priority than the other two.
For instance, `cpu=sifive-u74` equates to `arch=rv64gc` and
`tune=sifive-7-series`. However, if values for `arch=` or `tune=` are provided,
they will override the `cpu` value. Therefore, `cpu=sifive-u74;arch=rv64g` is
equivalent to `arch=rv64g;tune=sifive-7-series`, and
`cpu=sifive-u74;tune=sifive-5-series` is equivalent to
`arch=rv64gc;tune=sifive-5-series`.

> If the same type of attribute is specified more than once, only the latest one

Reviewer 2: Is this useful behavior or should we just reject if the same type appears twice? Do we envision building a string through preprocessor macros where it might not be obvious to the programmer that the same value appears twice?

           the command line for the function.
- `tune=`: Specifies the pipeline model and cost model associated with a
           specific microarchitecture or core for the function.
- `cpu=`: Specifies the pipeline mode, cost model, and extension settings for
          the function.

The interactions among the `arch`, `tune`, and `cpu` attributes mirror those of
the `-march`, `-mtune`, and `-mcpu` options. The `cpu` attribute can be seen as
a combination of `arch` + `tune` but holds a lower priority than the other two.
For instance, `cpu=sifive-u74` equates to `arch=rv64gc` and
`tune=sifive-7-series`. However, if values for `arch=` or `tune=` are provided,
they will override the `cpu` value. Therefore, `cpu=sifive-u74;arch=rv64g` is
equivalent to `arch=rv64g;tune=sifive-7-series`, and
`cpu=sifive-u74;tune=sifive-5-series` is equivalent to
`arch=rv64gc;tune=sifive-5-series`.

If the same type of attribute is specified more than once, only the latest one
takes effect. For example, `arch=+zbb;arch=+zba` will be equivalent to
`arch=+zba`.

The interactions between the attribute and the command-line option are
specified below:

> Here's a refined version of your statement:

Reviewer 4: This line looks like it should not be here.

Author: Yeah...thanks catching that, removed
